(Music) Hi everyone!
My name is Craig Golightly, and welcome to my course,
Deploying a Java App with Oracle Cloud Container Engine for Kubernetes.
I am a senior software consultant.
You've Docker-ized a Java app, and now you want to run it on Kubernetes,
but you don't want to set up everything from scratch.
You'd like to just push your image to a repository,
then deploy it to a running Kubernetes cluster.
In this course,
we are going to set up an Oracle Cloud account so you can use
their managed registry and container engine to make it easy
to run your app on Kubernetes.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include:
opening an Oracle Cloud account, creating a Kubernetes cluster,
pushing a Docker image to the Oracle Cloud registry,
deploying your app on a Kubernetes cluster.
By the end of this course,
you will be able to push a Docker image to the Oracle Cloud
infrastructure registry and deploy that image on the Oracle
Cloud container engine for Kubernetes.
Before beginning the course,
you should be familiar with Docker and Kubernetes and have an
environment with Docker and kubectl installed.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn about running your
Docker app on a managed Kubernetes cluster on Oracle Cloud with the
Deploying a Java App with Oracle Cloud Container Engine for Kubernetes course at Pluralsight.